# "The Greatest Story NEVER Told " is a Piece of Garbage

Aug 11, 1548 (AD 2024)


<div style='margin: 50px; font-family: "Papyrus", "Copperplate", monospace;'>

For those of you who don't know, this film is a piece of (Neo)Nazi propaganda. The whole point of the film is to make Hitler seem "not so bad," and to make the Allies seem bad. But there's a bunch of people out there on twitter who are gonna say stuff like "That's exactly what the Allies would want you to think," so I'm gonna have to expand this into a point-by-point refutation of the entire 6-and-a-half hour long film (really just a 6.5 hour copypasta if you ask me, but hey, who am I to define "copypasta"). I will cite my sources next to the claim being made by me.

#### ` 00:17 ` The Hitler Quote

So this quote is being take wildly out of context. that context is that Hitler is giving a "propagandist cause for starting the war -never mind whether it be plausible or not. The victor shall not be asked later on whether we told the truth or not." In this context, we see that he is referring to his own desire to wage a war of aggression and justify it to the masses, rather than making some sort of philosophical statement. ([source](https://avalon.law.yale.edu/imt/judpolan.asp))

#### ` 00:31 ` The Intro script

Again, a lie. We've seen both sides of Hitler's story, from his book *Mein Kampf* to the various Nazi documents, diaries, and journals which express Hitler's views on various things and essentially relay the Nazis' side of events.

### Note:

I will now skip the section about Hitler's childhood up through the end of the Great War, as that shouldn't be full of too much garbage, and I don't want to have to read a bunch of different books and stuff to catch every technicality or minor error. I will point out, however, that Germany never stood a chance of winning the Great War. They attempt to portray Hitler as a model by which, if all soldiers behaved like him, Germany would have won the war. This ignores the fact that German industry was in a chokehold and the German population was starving. Had the war continued much longer, Germany would have fallen apart.

### ` 11:29 ` Misinformaton about Versailles

Versailles was of minimal concern following the stabilization of the '20s.

### ` 12:24 ` 'Oh no, the Allies used the term "Nazi" in a derogatory fashion'

Perhaps because in a war, the enemy is seen as... well... the enemy.

### ` The section about the Beer Hall Putsch `

I love how they make the Putsch out to be a peaceful march by the Nazis, when in reality the violence was perpetrated as much by the Nazi as by the police. 

### ` 14:28 `

I just find it funny how they speak in English despite this beign a German court.

### ` 17:04 `

The SDP actually was trying to help with the depression, as were the various conservative and center parties.

### ` 17:07 `

More like they had to choose between what seemed at the time a more extreme version of the extant Conservative Parties or Communism.

### ` 19:00 `

They just ignore all the politicking.

### ` 21:51 `

Not really. More like he didn't count women, Jews, etc. in the unemployment count, thus eliminating a lot of people who were counted as unemployed. Also, women being banned from the workforce freed up jobs for eligible men to take. These two things put together are what led to the declining unemployment rate. [source](https://www.theholocaustexplained.org/life-in-nazi-occupied-europe/controlling-everyday-life/employment/#:~:text=When%20the%20Nazis%20rose%20to,claimed%20to%20have%20no%20unemployment.)

The welfare programs had been around since the time of Bismarck, so Hitler didn't do much in that regard. The working conditions also weren't that great, and the abolition of unions certainly didn't help the workers make decent wages.

### ` 23:08 `

Of course crime is eliminated when the country is a dictatorship. There is no honest reporting of these statistics. 

The "Strength through Joy" program of the Nazis was basically a way to distract workers from the fact that they had no bargaining rights anymore.

I'm pretty sure many other European countries had already established 8-hour days.
[source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eight-hour_day)

Even Germany specifically had an 8 hour day before hitler.
[another source](http://www.documentarchiv.de/wr/1918/arbeitszeit-arbeiter_ao.html)

### ` 23:32 `

Assuming, of course, we exclude Japan's post-war miracle, or the WW2 to Post-war growth of the U.S.

</div>